Improve dappkit example (#7346)
celo-org/celo-monorepo: packages/sdk/dappkit/README.md

);

const dappkitResponse = await waitForSignedTxs(requestId);
const rawTx = dappkitResponse.rawTxs[0];

// Send the signed transaction via the kit
const tx = kit.connection.sendSignedTransaction(rawTx);

const receipt = await tx.waitReceipt();

const [cUSDBalanceBig, cUSDDecimals] = await Promise.all([
  stableToken.balanceOf(this.state.address),
  stableToken.decimals()
]);
const cUSDBalance = this.convertToContractDecimals(
  cUSDBalanceBig,
  cUSDDecimals
);

this.setState({ cUSDBalance, isLoadingBalance: false });
```

## ContractKit example

Let's make a common use example. What about exchanging some cUSD to CELO, and

> then Lock that CELO to be able to vote a validator group?

Reviewer: nit:
```suggestion
then Locking that CELO to be able to vote for a validator group?
```

Let's do that

([expo base template commit](https://github.com/celo-org/dappkit-base/commit/cf35c82d7650e7b6bc7208ece32440d3a32d9cc5))

```javascript
import {
  requestTxSig,
  waitForSignedTxs
} from "@celo/dappkit";

> // Let's assume that the address has funds enough in cUSD to pay the
> // transactions fees of all the transactions and enough to buy 10 CELOs
> // AND it's already a registered Account (otherwise it will require to call
> // the `createAccount` method from the Accounts contract)

Reviewer: nit:
```suggestion
// Let's assume that the address has enough cUSD to pay the
// transaction fees of all the transactions and enough to buy 10 CELO
// AND it's already a registered Account (otherwise it will require a call
// to the `createAccount` method from the Accounts contract)
```

// We will be using the following contracts:
const stableToken = await kit.contracts.getStableToken();
const exchange = await kit.contracts.getExchange();
const lockedGold = await kit.contracts.getLockedGold();
const election = await kit.contracts.getElection()

const decimals = await stableToken.decimals(); // both cusd and celo use the same

const tenCelo = new BigNumber(10).pow(parseInt(decimals, 10)).toString();
const oneHundredCUSD = new BigNumber(10).pow(parseInt(decimals, 10)).toString();
// Now we will generate the transactions that we require to be signed

// First of all, we need to increase the allowance of the exchange address
// to let the contract expend the amount of stable tokens to buy some CELO.
// We are allowing the exchange contract to spend 100 cUsd
const txObjectIncAllow = stableToken.increaseAllowance(
  exchange.address,
  oneHundredCUSD
).txo;

> // Then we will call the exchange contract. Trying to buy 10 CELOs, with a 
> // max price of 100 cUSD (it could use less than that)

Reviewer: nit:
```suggestion
// Then we will call the Exchange contract, and attempt to buy 10 CELO with a 
// max price of 100 cUSD (it could use less than that).
```

const txObjectExchange = exchange.buy(
  tenCelo,
  oneHundredCUSD,
  true
).txo;

> // Then we will call the lockGold contract to lock our CELO
> // (Remember that the address should be a registered Account)
> // The amount to be locked will be the parameter `value` later

Reviewer: nit:
```suggestion
// Then we will call the lockedGold contract to lock our CELO
// (Remember that the address should be a registered Account)
// Later, the amount to be locked will be the parameter `value`.
```

const txObjectLock = lockedGold.lock().txo;

> // Then we use the 10 CELO to vote an specific validator group address

Reviewer: nit:
```suggestion
// Then we use the 10 CELO to vote for a specific validator group address.
```

      feeCurrency: FeeCurrency.cUSD
    }
  ],
  [
    {
      tx: txObjectLock,
      from: this.state.address,
      to: lockedGold.contract.options.address,
      feeCurrency: FeeCurrency.cUSD,
      value: tenCelo
    }
  ],
  [
    {
      tx: txObjectVote,
      from: this.state.address,
      to: election.contract.options.address,
      feeCurrency: FeeCurrency.cUSD
    }
  ],
  { requestIdIA, dappName, callback }
);

const dappkitResponse = await waitForSignedTxs(requestIdIA);

// execute the allowance
const tx0 = kit.connection.sendSignedTransaction(dappkitResponse.rawTxs[0]);
const receipt = await tx0.waitReceipt();

// execute the exchange
const tx1 = kit.connection.sendSignedTransaction(dappkitResponse.rawTxs[1]);
const receipt = await tx1.waitReceipt();

// execute the lock
const tx2 = kit.connection.sendSignedTransaction(dappkitResponse.rawTxs[2]);
const receipt = await tx2.waitReceipt();

// execute the vote
const tx3 = kit.connection.sendSignedTransaction(dappkitResponse.rawTxs[3]);
const receipt = await tx3.waitReceipt();

const voteInfo = await election.getVoter(this.state.address);

// REMEMBER that after voting the next epoch you HAVE TO ACTIVATE those votes

> // using the election contract, the `activate` method

Reviewer: nit:
```suggestion
// using the `activate` method in the election contract.
```
